Fix equation expand concept (#6)
learn-co-curriculum/big-o-approximation: README.md

Ok, so as you see above, as our input size increases, the number of guesses involved increases, but very slowly.   We can answer the question of whether a letter is in a sorted string over one million characters long in only twenty guesses. 

> Just as we could express the time complexity of our original method in terms of the size of the input string (n), we can do so with binary search as well.  The time complexity of our binary search function is log2n (log base 2 of n, also written lg(n)).  Log base 2 of n just means, given a number, how many times would you have to press divided by two on a calculator to get down to 1.  Notice that when the size gets really large, like over a million it still only takes us 20 guesses.  Our other formula would cost us the size of n, or over a million. Notice that our table above shows that for the log2(n) algorithm, when our input size **doubles**, our runtime only goes up by 1!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just as we could express the time complexity of our original method in terms of the size of the input string (n), we can do so with binary search as well.  The time complexity of our binary search function is log₂n (log base 2 of n, also written lg(n)).  Log base 2 of n means the number of times you would have to press "divided by two" on a calculator to get down to 1, starting with the number n - it's the inverse of the exponent function. 

In our binary search algorithm, when the size of n gets over 1 million, it still only takes us about 20 guesses.  Our other formula would have taken one million guesses for an input of that size. The table above shows that for the log₂(n) algorithm, when our input size **doubles**, our runtime only goes up by 1!
```

control + command + space on mac to bring up the insert, search for '2', choose subscript 2

Ok, so the Internet told us to exclude co-efficients and lower order terms, but can we really just get get away with that?

Well let's assume the time complexity of our function and is **n^3 + n^2 + n + log2(n) + 100** and assume that **n is 1,000**.  

Now consider the following:

| Formula |     log2(n)    |n         | n^2       | n^3   |n^3 + n^2 + n + log2(n) + 100 |
| ------------- |-------------| ------------- |-------------| ------------- |-------------|
|n = 1000 |9.9|  1000   |  1,000,000 | 1,000,000,000  |   1,001,001,110 |       

You can see that in our formula of **n^3 + n^2 + n + log2(n) + 100**, when n is 1000, the formula returns approximately 1,001,001,110. 

Moreover, you can see that compared to n^3, the n^2 doesn't move the dial.  It accounts for just 1,000th of our overall cost.  And this is still when our n is relatively small.  Imagine when our input size increases to ten thousand.  So we see that the leading exponent is dominant when calculating the cost of our function. 

> Now if we can exclude something like n^2 when n approaches infinity, we can also exclude anything that we multiply n by. It just doesn't make the type of impact that we care about.  We care about things that change our formula by a factor of n when **n approaches infinity**.  So compared to that, any number you multiply our formula by will be insignificant.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now if we can exclude something like n², we can also exclude any number that we multiply n by. It doesn't make enough impact that we need to count it.  We care about things that change our formula by a factor of n when **n approaches infinity**.  So compared to that, any number we multiply by won't really matter insignificant.    
```

So in summary, when considering asymptoptic time complexity, we only look to the term with the largest exponent, we only consider the worse case scenario, and we ignore coefficients as well as any smaller terms.  

We call this big O.

> NOTE: Big O is a little more involved than the intuition presented above. There are two important additional concepts to note. First of all, when people colloquially say big O (pronounced "big oh"), the _technical_ term they usually mean is big ϴ ("big theta"). Big ϴ includes the concept of a "tight asymptotic bound". Using the example above, when our equation was f(n) = n^3 + n^2 + n + log2(n) + 100, big ϴ requires us to describe this with an upper AND lower asymptotic bound. Thus, it would be correct for us to say that ϴ(n) = n^3, but incorrect for us to say ϴ(n) = n^2, and also incorrect for us to say ϴ(n) = n^4. Technically, big O notation would allow us to correctly say that our function f(n) is O(n) = n^3 and O(n) = n^4, and O(n) = n^5...etc. Under big O notation we are only establishing an upper asymptotic bound to our function f(n), and thus it is less precise. For the mathematically-minded of you, the formal mathematical definitions of the two are: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Mathematicians and academic computer scientists use different formal definitions for Big O than those presented here. There are two important additional concepts to note. First of all, when people colloquially say "Big O" (pronounced "big oh"), the _technical_ term they usually mean is big ϴ ("big theta"). Big ϴ includes the concept of a "tight asymptotic bound". Using the example above, when our equation was f(n) = n^3 + n^2 + n + log2(n) + 100, ϴ requires us to describe this with an upper AND lower asymptotic bound. Thus, it would be correct for us to say that ϴ(n) = n^3, but incorrect for us to say ϴ(n) = n^2, and also incorrect for us to say ϴ(n) = n^4. Technically, big O notation would allow us to correctly say that our function f(n) is O(n) = n^3 and O(n) = n^4, and O(n) = n^5...etc. Under big O notation we are only establishing an **upper** asymptotic bound to our function f(n), and thus it is less precise. The formal mathematical definitions of the two concepts are: 
```

Reviewer: I also think that lots of people who talk about Big O actually do _mean_ Big O, because in practice, tight lower bounds don't matter much to engineers. ϴ matters when you're doing algorithms research, but it's strictly harder to prove.
